# Prosperity-2

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.12

## Folder Structure

- **data**: This folder contains the project's data in CSV format.
- **analysis**: This folder is dedicated to the analysis of the data using Python notebooks.
- **datamodel.py**: This file contains a list of classes provided by Prosperity Wiki.
- **trader.py**: This file contains our trading solution.
- **runner.py**: This file is used to execute our trader. To start the runner, simply execute: 
    ```
    python runner.py
    ```

## Installation

To ensure a clean and isolated environment, it's recommended to use a virtual environment. Here's how you can set up the environment:

1. **Create a Virtual Environment**: Run the following command in your terminal to create a virtual environment named `venv`:

    ```
    python -m venv venv
    ```

2. **Activate the Virtual Environment**: Activate the virtual environment using the appropriate command for your operating system:

    For macOS/Linux:

    ```
    source venv/bin/activate
    ```

    For Windows:

    ```
    venv\Scripts\activate
    ```

3. **Install Requirements**: Once the virtual environment is activated, install the project dependencies using pip:

    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Testing

You can test your code with the prosperity2bt package: https://github.com/jmerle/imc-prosperity-2-backtester

Execute the following code to test the whole first day and merge profit and loss.

```
prosperity2bt trader.py 1
```

The prosperity2bt script will generate a log file located in the `backtests` folder.

You can extract all successfull trades with the `extract_trades.py` script:

```
python extract_trades.py backtests/2024-04-10_13-31-38.log
```

This will generate a `trades.json` file which can be analysed in the `analysis/trades_analysis.ipynb` notebook.

## Testing on the IMC Website.

You can upload the trader.py file to the IMC Website. This will generate a log file which you can download. The `extract_trades.py` script also works for the file generated by the website.